hi everybody welcome to the planet 46
comic show welcome back actually it's
been a little while since we've been
here cows been off being mr. Hollywood
but we've got a lot of exciting things
coming up but in the meantime what's in
this show yeah Batman's come to okc
Captain America is president we've got
first look the wolverine movie
alright very cool so hey first up what's
what's going on this week with one of
your favorites yeah I mean we've got a
picture and he's totally ripped he is a
in the picture kind of looking yeah he
really been working out superhero hype
has revealed the first official picture
of Hugh Jackman as Wolverine in the film
The Wolverine the film was based on the
Chris Claremont Frank Miller combo
miniseries the featured Wolverine Japan
and it's directed by james mangold the
second Wolverine film faced several
delays in pre-production but is now set
for july 26 2013 release which kind of
leads to our question of the day yeah
question is and what is it which is your
favorite Wolverine performance tonari
you've gotta origins get the three x-men
films you get the first class cameo
could even be a cartoon or you can like
yeah i mean steve blum is on some great
stuff with some rain in the x-men and
then early 90s xmas with a lot of
different choices let us know what you
think in the comments alright topics ooh
Batman come to okc and you know has been
traveling all around the world that's
right the dark night is coming as part
of the batman live arena show at
chesapeake energy arena for eight
performances from october 10 through 14
and the show features stunts
pyrotechnics illusions and video screen
sequences set in a 3d gotham city
landscape batman live features a 42
member cast and an original storyline
with characters including Batman Robin
Alfred The Joker Catwoman the Riddler
Harley Quinn poison ivy and the penguin
holy cow the action takes place at
several settings originated in the comic
book stories including Gotham City Wayne
Manor the Batcave and r cosine sweet
next up Captain America sworn in as
president that's right the citizens of
Marvel Comics Ultimate Universe have
chosen Captain America to serve as
president of the United States Steve
Rogers became president elect of the US
and issue number 15 of ultimate comics
ultimates by Sam Humphries and Billy Tom
and the soy continues in this week's
ultimate comics ultimates number 16 also
by Humphries and drawn by Luke Ross
Kevin Erica accepts the position of
Prayer
it on the United States sweet with that
let's get into the review fought
absolutely and obviously yeah that leads
us into ultimate comics ultimates
ultimate comics old with a little bit of
a handful to say but this is the issue
in which Captain America takes office as
president and rather than go sign some
legislation or meet with some voters or
do some you know some lobbyists he
immediately goes out it starts kicking
everyone's but the nation is I think the
captain america does it the nation is
sharply divided in the ultimate comics
world states and regions have seceded or
been taken over and capsize he's not
putting up with that it's an
action-packed issue it's a little
ridiculous but it could be cathartic and
it also reveals more about what's going
on behind the scenes and the problems
facing also in America if you're worried
about your electoral vote yeah just off
the call vote for cab captain mary ova
home was actually taken over by
sentinels and so yeah so that's exciting
okay the second one we're gonna knock
the mountain Batman Incorporated number
0r0 I guess yeah this is my number zero
you say number zero sure all right grant
morrison takes a new 52 look at how the
batman incorporated group of
international batman style vigilantes
reform it will pretty familiar to those
who read Batman Incorporated prior to
the new 52 but it's still well done it's
a quick read with some great art by
frazer Irving and even if you're already
familiar with the gathering of the team
as seen here the art by Irving makes
this I must buy from those fans so it's
a really good-looking book really like
the visuals Frasier Irving collide then
keep it with our you know Batman Captain
America Wolverine we got Wolverine an
x-men number 17 yeah this is jason here
to mike already of course mike already
had a memorable run on x-force and egg
statics he returns to the x-men line for
a one-issue story in wolverine and the
x-men number 17 and an issue featuring a
character he co-created the green blob
like dupe the issue written by jason
aaron deals with how wolverine recruited
dupe to the gene grade school and what
exactly the character is accomplishing
while he's there it's an issue of the
great mix of humor in action and two
nice cameos by a couple of 1970s marvel
comics favorites cope so yeah so check
that and also do toxin kind of a strange
language if you want the full
translation I've translated all my
so go there and check it out what's your
favorite favorite of the week wow that's
a good question um I'll say Wolverine in
the x-men but they were all pretty good
I'll both of us alright very cool so he
come back next week we'll have more
comic book and movie news so for kyle
roberts i'm matt price thanks for
watching
you